The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Lorem Ipsum.
Hello World!
Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
Here's looking at you, kid.
Go ahead, make my day.
All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my closeup.
May the Force be with you.
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night.
You talking to me?
What we've got here is failure to communicate.
Made it, Ma! Top of the world!
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.
Bond. James Bond.
You can't handle the truth!
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
I'll be back.
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.
I see dead people.
Houston, we have a problem.
It's alive! It's alive!
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.
Say "hello" to my little friend!
Elementary, my dear Watson
Here's Johnny!
My precious.
Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast.
A martini. Shaken, not stirred.
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.
I'm king of the world!
I think therefore I am.
God is dead! He remains dead! And we have killed him.
There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide.
One cannot step twice in the same river.
Happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination.
There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance.
The only thing I know is that I know nothing.
Happiness is the highest good.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
While the Colosseum stands, Rome shall stand; when the Colosseum falls, Rome shall fall; when Rome falls, the world shall fall.
There’s no business like show business.
I ought to be jealous of the tower. She is more famous than I am.
From the heights of these pyramids, forty centuries look down on us.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
There is always something left to love.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Not all those who wander are lost.